data/SEG_full/ZHANG JIPING A.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/WANG YUFANG A.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/JIANG ZHENGMIN A.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/JIN CHUNZI A.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/SUN CUIQIN A.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/LIN LIYUN A.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/LIU RUIJUAN A.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/ZHOU ZEJIANG A.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/XU SHUREN A.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/PAN YUEYING A.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/XU XIANGPING A.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/LI HUCHENG A.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/LI YUHUA A.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/LIU LIRONG A.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/LAN ZHENFEN A.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/ZHAO LILUN A.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/LI JIN E A.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/ZHANG RENDE A.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/ZHAO GUIXIU A.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/WANG MAOXU A.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/LIU SHUFEN A.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/MA DINGYUN A.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/SUN XIUZHEN A.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/ZHANG JIPING D.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/WANG YUFANG D.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/JIANG ZHENGMIN D.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/JIN CHUNZI D.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/SUN CUIQIN D.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/LIN LIYUN D.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/LIU RUIJUAN D.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/ZHOU ZEJIANG D.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/XU SHUREN D.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/PAN YUEYING D.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/XU XIANGPING D.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/LI HUCHENG D.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/LI YUHUA D.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/LIU LIRONG D.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/LAN ZHENFEN D.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/ZHAO LILUN D.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/LI JIN E D.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/ZHANG RENDE D.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/ZHAO GUIXIU D.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/WANG MAOXU D.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/LIU SHUFEN D.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/MA DINGYUN D.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/SUN XIUZHEN D.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/ZHANG JIPING V.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/WANG YUFANG V.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/JIANG ZHENGMIN V.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/JIN CHUNZI V.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/SUN CUIQIN V.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/LIN LIYUN V.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/LIU RUIJUAN V.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/ZHOU ZEJIANG V.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/XU SHUREN V.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/PAN YUEYING V.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/XU XIANGPING V.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/LI HUCHENG V.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/LI YUHUA V.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/LIU LIRONG V.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/LAN ZHENFEN V.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/ZHAO LILUN V.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/LI JIN E V.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/ZHANG RENDE V.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/ZHAO GUIXIU V.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/WANG MAOXU V.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/LIU SHUFEN V.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/MA DINGYUN V.nii.gz
data/SEG_full/SUN XIUZHEN V.nii.gz